#summary How Tabletop is related to ADC

This application is made for an Android Development Challenge.

{{{
We welcome all types of applications but are looking to reward innovative, useful apps that make use of Android's capabilities to deliver a better mobile experience.
}}}
Innovative and useful - that was I aimed for. I choosed a category that is very popular - tabletop games. And tried to implement it in most innovating way - focus o making an engine that will let people easily play any game, instead of implementing any specific game or two. I tryed a lot of approaches, and throwed out a lot of code before I found approach that is universal and effective enough. And hope it worth it.

{{{
Here are some suggested areas of focus to get you started:
}}}

 * Social networking 
Yes. It can enrich your interaction with other people - you are not just speaking or sending files, but also can play a game. You can even create your own games and rules together! This is ideal for prototyping of new games, or playing less-known games.

 * Media consumption, management, editing, or sharing, e.g., photos 
Yes. Engine allows you to edit, store and share games, game positions, etc.

 * Productivity and collaboration such as email, IM, calendar, etc. 
This engine can be used for sharing and visualising any kind of interactive information. It's protocol is powerful enough to make a shared blackboard, assist in a big-scale LARP, etc.

 * Gaming
Yep

 * News and information
It has ideology very much alike RSS, and can be used for RSS-like things to.

 * Rethinking of traditional user interfaces 
Think so.

 * Use of mash-up functionality 
Definitely. It's what it is about, mainly. Interaction with other applications is what will make it shine. Application will be able to interact from other application and server (via Updates), and also use them indirectly. For example, user can use graphics editor to draw his own game pieces and board, file manager to store games, social network applications to find other people to play with, etc.

 * Use of location-based services 
Not  by itself. But it can interact with other application, that will reflect location-based services on game state. Moving pieces according to move of other phones, for example.

 * Applications in service of global economic development 
It can be used commercally as well. Engine and application itself are free, but can be used for commercial purposed - advertising (by realising beatiful game sets with some producer's symbolics), online gambling, etc. Also it can be used as a visualisation/networking tool for commercial applications.

 * Humanitarian benefits
It is oriented on P2P model. Human-to-Human, instead of Human-to-Business. That is about twice more human-itarian:) So, it makes people that use it more independent from centralised services. Also it will have embedded encryption code to enforce fair game, so it will also prevent gambling servers from cheating.

{{{
Originality of Concept
Does the application introduce a great new idea; for example, a new angle on social applications?
}}}
If anything, yes. This idea is that we can bring tabletop to Android. One with Android phone can take boards, pieces, gaming cards, put it inside a phone and play with other Android users. They doesn't need some special application for every game she knows - if  partners know rules, or design their own rules themself, then they can play it on Android just as they could play it on a table. Only difference is that this table can has sides on different continents.

{{{
Effective Use of the Android Platform
Does the application take advantage of Android's unique and compelling features, such as built-in location-based services, accelerometer, and always-on networking?
}}}
No location-based services or accelerometer (at least directly). Definitely always-on networking - it fits great for online-played tabletop games.

But the main thing I value Android for, thing that will not make this application possible as it is on other phones - Android's ideology. Android gives developers freedom of creativity. Applications on android are not locked in cells, they can interact with phone and another applications freely. And that is what is used heavily by Tabletop. Tabletop follows similar ideas as Android - give as much freedom and creativity tools as possible.

And thanks for sqlite - that is one of two languages that I love (other is Lua), and I happy that it is available on Android. It would be great if it had a more complete interface (like user-defined functions and callbacks) - than I will be able to use it even more extensively.